# Question Description:

#### 151. Reverse Words in a String

Given an input string, reverse the string word by word.

**Example 1:**  

Input: "the sky is blue"  
Output: "blue is sky the"      

**Example 2:**  

Input: "  hello world!  "  
Output: "world! hello"  
Explanation: Your reversed string should not contain leading or trailing spaces.     

**Example 3:**

Input: "a good   example"  
Output: "example good a"  
Explanation: You need to reduce multiple spaces between two words to a single space in the reversed string.  

**Note:**    

A word is defined as a sequence of non-space characters.  
Input string may contain leading or trailing spaces. However, your reversed string should not contain leading or trailing spaces.  
You need to reduce multiple spaces between two words to a single space in the reversed string.  


Follow up:  

For C programmers, try to solve it in-place in O(1) extra space.  

# Idea:

For Python, it is easier: using split function to split the string into an array which contains several words according to the spaces firstly, then reversing the array, lastly using a string which contains space to join the array.

For C++ there are two methods: one meets the problem description which in O(1) extra space. Another  needs a stack. For the first, we reverse the string firstly and then we reverse every word in place and at the same time delete the extra spaces. For the second, we use a stack to push every word into a stack and then pop it into a new string. Because the character of stack is LIFO, the reverse is achieved automatically. At the same time we set some conditions to delete and add spaces to meet the structure requirement.   

# Solution:

#### **Python:**

`class Solution:`

  `def reverseWords(self, s: str) -> str:`

​    `return " ".join(reversed(s.split()))`

#### **C++:**

###### **Method 1:**

`class Solution {`

`public:`

  `string reverseWords(string s) {`

​    `if (s.empty()) return "";`

​    `int size = s.size();`

​    `reverse(s.begin(), s.end());`

​    `int index_new = 0;`

​    `for(int start = 0 ; start < size; start++)`

​    `{`      

​      `if(! isspace(s[start]))`

​      `{  if (index_new != 0 ) s[index_new ++] = ' ';`

​        `int end = start;`

​        `while( end< size && s[end] != ' ' )`     

​          `s[index_new ++] = s[end++];`

​        `reverse(s.begin() + index_new - (end - start),s.begin() + index_new);`

​        `start = end;`        

​      `}`    

​    `}`

​    `s.erase(s.begin() + index_new ,s.end());`

​    `return s;`

  `}`

`};`

###### Method 2:

`class Solution {`
`public:`
    `string reverseWords(string s) {`
       `if(s.empty()) return "";`
       `int size = s.size();`
       `string temp;`
       `stack<string> sta;`
       `string res;`
       `for(int i = 0; i < size; i++)`
       `{   
           if( !isspace(s[i]))`
            `temp = temp + s[i];`
           `else if (!temp.empty())`
           `{`
             `sta.push(temp);`
             `temp = "";`
           `}`
       `}`
       `if (!temp.empty())`
         `sta.push(temp);`
       `while(!sta.empty())`
       `{`
           `res = res + sta.top() + ' ';`
           `sta.pop();`
       `}`
       `if(!res.empty())`
         `res.pop_back();`
       `return res;`

    }

`};`

