# Question Description:

#### 355. Design Twitter

Design a simplified version of Twitter where users can post tweets, follow/unfollow another user and is able to see the 10 most recent tweets in the user's news feed. Your design should support the following methods:  

**postTweet(userId, tweetId):** Compose a new tweet.  
**getNewsFeed(userId):** Retrieve the 10 most recent tweet ids in the user's news feed. Each item in the news feed must be posted by users who the user followed or by the user herself. Tweets must be ordered from most recent to least recent.  
**follow(followerId, followeeId):** Follower follows a followee.  
**unfollow(followerId, followeeId):** Follower unfollows a followee.  
**Example:**  

Twitter twitter = new Twitter();  

// User 1 posts a new tweet (id = 5).  
twitter.postTweet(1, 5);  

// User 1's news feed should return a list with 1 tweet id -> [5].  
twitter.getNewsFeed(1);  

// User 1 follows user 2.  
twitter.follow(1, 2);  

// User 2 posts a new tweet (id = 6).  
twitter.postTweet(2, 6);  

// User 1's news feed should return a list with 2 tweet ids -> [6, 5].  
// Tweet id 6 should precede tweet id 5 because it is posted after tweet id 5.
twitter.getNewsFeed(1);  

// User 1 unfollows user 2.  
twitter.unfollow(1, 2);  

// User 1's news feed should return a list with 1 tweet id -> [5],  
// since user 1 is no longer following user 2.  
twitter.getNewsFeed(1);  

# Idea:

Define two maps, one is to store the userId and the tweetsId and timestamp of the user, another to store the followeeId and the userId. When posting a tweet we post a timestamp and the tweetId, the timestamp is used to record the time, so that we can later return the tweet in the order of time. When following a followee we insert the followeeId to the friends, when unfollowing, we  delete the followeeId. when we get the 10 most recent tweets, a set is defined to all the tweets of the userId and his followeeId, the elements in set will sorted automatically. The first tweet in set is the oldest tweet. Therefore, we traverse all the tweets and put it in set, and delete the first tweet the newest tweet will be left. Finally, a vector is defined to store all the 10 most recent tweets.  

# Solution:

**C++:**

`class Twitter {`

`unordered_map<int, vector<pair<int,int>>> tweet;//userID -> {timestamp,tweetID}`

`unordered_map<int,unordered_set<int>> friends; // userID -> set of followeeID` 

`int timestamp;`

`public:`

  `/** Initialize your data structure here. */`

  `Twitter() {`

​    `timestamp = 0;`

  `}`

``  

  `/** Compose a new tweet. */`

  `void postTweet(int userId, int tweetId) {`

​    `follow(userId,userId);`

​    `timestamp++;`

​    `tweet[userId].push_back({timestamp,tweetId});`

  `}`

``  

  `/** Retrieve the 10 most recent tweet ids in the user's news feed. Each item in the news feed must be posted by users who the user followed or by the user herself. Tweets must be ordered from most recent to least recent. */`

  `vector<int> getNewsFeed(int userId) {`

​     `set<pair<int,int>> s;`

​     `for(auto i : friends[userId])`

​     `{`

​       `for(auto j : tweet[i])`

​       `{`

​         `if (s.size() < 10 )`

​         `{`

​          `s.insert(j);`

​         `}`

​         `else{`

​           `s.insert(j);`

​           `s.erase(s.begin());`

​         `}`

​       `}`

​     `}`

​     `vector<int> res;`

​     `for(auto i : s)`

​     `{`

​       `res.push_back(i.second);`

​     `}`

​     `reverse(res.begin(),res.end());`

​     `return res;`

  `}`

``  

  `/** Follower follows a followee. If the operation is invalid, it should be a no-op. */`

  `void follow(int followerId, int followeeId) {`

​    `friends[followerId].insert(followeeId);`

  `}`

``  

  `/** Follower unfollows a followee. If the operation is invalid, it should be a no-op. */`

  `void unfollow(int followerId, int followeeId) {`

​    `if (friends[followerId].find(followeeId) != friends[followerId].end() && followerId != followeeId )`

​     `friends[followerId].erase(followeeId);`

  `}`

`};`



`/**`

 `\* Your Twitter object will be instantiated and called as such:`

 `\* Twitter* obj = new Twitter();`

 `\* obj->postTweet(userId,tweetId);`

 `\* vector<int> param_2 = obj->getNewsFeed(userId);`

 `\* obj->follow(followerId,followeeId);`

 `\* obj->unfollow(followerId,followeeId);`

 `*/`