# Question Description:

#### 55. Jump Game  

Given an array of non-negative integers, you are initially positioned at the first index of the array.  

Each element in the array represents your maximum jump length at that position.  

Determine if you are able to reach the last index.  

**Example 1:**  

Input: [2,3,1,1,4]  
Output: true  
Explanation: Jump 1 step from index 0 to 1, then 3 steps to the last index.  
**Example 2:**  

Input: [3,2,1,0,4]  
Output: false  
Explanation: You will always arrive at index 3 no matter what. Its maximum  
             jump length is 0, which makes it impossible to reach the last index.  

# Idea:

**Method 1:**  

greedy algorithm: Traverse every element in the range of the furthest distance, and update the furthest distance. when the furthest distance is larger than the largest index, return true, otherwise return false.

**Method 2:**  

Let's consider the situation when we are not able to reach the last index. We know that when we jump to 0, and 0 is not the last index we can not reach the last index. How will we avoid jumping to 0? We find that when the distance between the element we jump and the element 0 is larger than the value of current element, we can avoid jumping to 0.

# Solution:

**C++:**

**Method 1:**  

`class Solution {`

`public:`

  `bool canJump(vector<int>& nums) {`  

   `int n = nums.size() - 1;`      

   `int furthestDis = 0;`

   `for(int i = 0; i <= n; i++)`

   `{`

​    `if(i <= furthestDis)`

​     `furthestDis = max(furthestDis, i + nums[i]);`

​    `if(furthestDis >= n)`

​     `return true;`

   `}`

   `return false;`    

  `}`  

`};`

**Method 2:**  

`class Solution {`

`public:`

  `bool canJump(vector<int>& nums) {`

​    `vector<int> zeros;`

​    `for(int i = 0; i < nums.size(); i++)`

​    `{`

​      `if(nums[i] == 0 && i != (nums.size()-1))`

​      `{`

​       `if(!jumpzero(i,nums))`

​        `return false;`

​      `}`

​    `}`

​    `return true;`

  `}`

  `bool jumpzero(int index, vector<int>& nums)`

  `{`

​    `for(int i = 0; i < index; i++)`

​    `{`

​      `if(nums[i] > (index - i))`

​       `return true;`

​    `}`

​    `return false;`

  `}`

`};`