# Question Description:

#### 690. Employee Importance

You are given a data structure of employee information, which includes the employee's unique id, his importance value and his direct subordinates' id.  

For example, employee 1 is the leader of employee 2, and employee 2 is the leader of employee 3. They have importance value 15, 10 and 5, respectively. Then employee 1 has a data structure like [1, 15, [2]], and employee 2 has [2, 10, [3]], and employee 3 has [3, 5, []]. Note that although employee 3 is also a subordinate of employee 1, the relationship is not direct.  

Now given the employee information of a company, and an employee id, you need to return the total importance value of this employee and all his subordinates.  

**Example 1:**  

Input: [[1, 5, [2, 3]], [2, 3, []], [3, 3, []]], 1  
Output: 11  
**Explanation: ** 
Employee 1 has importance value 5, and he has two direct subordinates: employee 2 and employee 3. They both have importance value 3. So the total importance value of employee 1 is 5 + 3 + 3 = 11.  

**Note:**  

One employee has at most one direct leader and may have several subordinates.  
The maximum number of employees won't exceed 2000.  

# Idea:

**Breadth First Search(BFS):**       

Define a map firstly, key is the id, value is the object Employee. And then define a queue to store the id we want to search, then we add its importance and push its subordinate's Id into queue one by one.  In this way we add the importance of id in the queue one by one.           

# Solution:

/*

// Definition for Employee.

class Employee {

public:

  int id;

  int importance;

  vector<int> subordinates;

};

*/

`class Solution {`

`public:`

  `int getImportance(vector<Employee*> employees, int id) {`

​    `map<int,Employee*> m;`

​    `for(auto em: employees)`

​      `m[em -> id] = em;`

​    `int impor;`

​    `queue<int> q;`

​    `q.push(id);` 

​    `while(!q.empty())`

​    `{`  

​     `int allid = q.front();`

​     `q.pop();`

​     `if(m.find(allid) != m.end())`

​     `{`

​      `impor += m[allid] -> importance;`

​      `for(auto subid : m[allid] -> subordinates)`

​       `q.push(subid);` 

​     `}`

​    `}` 

​    `return impor;` 

  `}`   

`};`